[Connectors][Addnote][1633257] (#2935)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/connectors-using.md

If you want a multiselect list initially displayed in the compact style, you must specify both `"isMultiSelect": true` and `"style": true`.

> For all other details about Connector card actions, see **[Actions](/outlook/actionable-messages/card-reference#actions)** in the actionable message card reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on Connector card actions, see **[Actions]**(/outlook/actionable-messages/card-reference#actions) in the actionable message card reference.
```

> [!NOTE]
> Specifying `compact` for the `style` property in Microsoft Teams is the same as specifying `normal` for the `style` property in Microsoft Outlook.

> > For HttpPOST action, the bearer token included with all requests includes the Azure AD identity of the Office 365 user who took the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For the HttpPOST action, the bearer token is included with the requests. This token includes the Azure AD identity of the Office 365 user who took the action.
```
